[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really good and safe and
well at the moment in today's video I'm
going to going through so healthy and
really quick and easy dinner ideas and
recipes of mine at the moment I am on a
cutting diets that means I'm just trying
to lower my body fat slightly something
like a slight calorie deficit so my main
sort of priority at the moment when it
comes to like dinner and all the meals
on a whole is just to get as much like
volume in there as possible and really
high in protein that kind of thing on an
even in it's become a hobby like I'm
really enjoying just trying out those
new recipes and adding little bits and
bobs ooh can we get straight into it I'd
really appreciate it if you could hit a
like on this video it really helps and
support my channel and we'll go ahead
the first meal I'm going to rake in is
turkey meatballs with chopped potatoes
and chopped butternut squash this you're
going to need some turkey meatballs I
got these from muscle food but you could
use beef bones or like any sort of like
vegan ones just mix it up and then some
potatoes I'm just gonna cook all the
potatoes but I have in at the minute and
these generally lasts quite a while as
well I'm just using their small new
potatoes I am using it's a butternut
squash I'm just going to use half of
this and seasonings and again you don't
have to use the ones that aren't even
about these just what am i sort of going
to use at the moment some all-purpose
some garlic granules from Italian
seasoning for the potatoes some hot
pepper curry powder
I'm just going to cut this and appeal it
I always like to just cut it in half so
the skin of butternut squash is honestly
it's so thick like my peeler isn't
strong enough so I additions my knife to
cut off all the tough edges
so I've just peeled off the skin this
thing and then I'm just going to chop it
up so I can pop it in pan to boil so I'm
just chopping the butternut squash into
smaller chunks obviously the smaller
chunks the quicker it's going to put and
then I'm just boiling the kettle and
popping that into one big pan and boil
in that for about 10 minutes - it goes
also and then I'm chopping up my
tomatoes I don't take this thing off
like the mini new ones so chopping into
tiny little chunks and again popping
them into a different separate pan if
you've got like an XL pan to probably
put them both in together but I'm just
using two smaller ones and then I always
put a lid on my potatoes and put them on
quite a high heat so I've just chopped
up my butternut and potatoes now you
don't have to boil them I just find that
they cook a lot with hitting the other
and I'm just boring them for 10 minute
so once they've boiled just drain all
the water out and then I like to shake
them around my pan so they grow a bit
crispier when you pop them in the oven
the exact same with the potato so I've
drained all the water out and I always
recommend seasoning your potatoes while
they're in the pan rather than on the
foil I just think the taste seems to be
a lot stronger and you can like shake
the round so you get like the nice
crispy edges on the potatoes and I'm
just seasoning mine with the Freaker and
now the Italian seasoning that is an
absolute must with potatoes and some
garlic granules and just use whatever
season you've got in really like that's
all I ever do a deceive what's in my
favorite and some all-purpose seasoning
- and I always use about teaspoon of
olive oil on my accessories and then
once they're all seasoned just mixing
them around with spoon making sure
they're all like covered in the
seasoning and oil and then also giving
them like a shape around
like that smells important things it
goes crispy it's not and then once
they're done it just popping them onto
the sinful it was the butternut squash
I don't really season up my season apt I
hurriedly season my butternut squash I
think it mean me too it's quite sweet
I just put like a little bit of paprika
to make them a bit spicy whatever kick
but yeah I definitely think season on
the trade side really mate so great I've
just put my potatoes and the butternut
squash it they take about 25 half an
hour in there depending on how crispy
like them on 180 and then I've just got
our meatballs put them in a bowl and I'm
just gonna season these and these are
they take about like 20 minutes are
quite quick so yeah just grab a big bowl
and then pop my meatballs in and just
all my seasonings and just something mix
around I do this without all my meats to
be honest and I do you think it makes
difference rather than that already just
sprinkling you know on the top of like a
pan of search and then they're ready to
be pulled into the tinfoil and I just
wrap them up like a little parcel and I
recently this makes them more juicy so
the potatoes I've just come out the oven
oh it's so good don't throughout 35
minutes
have a new tinned tomatoes but I've just
got this one large tomato so I'm gonna
try and blend this and make that my own
tomato sauce so I just blend your tomato
in there I've just chosen to be a god
that tastes so much nicer then right my
usual chopped tin one is Lucius one
whole Tomatoes some Italian seasoning
and paprika and garlic and I taste so
good
so all I need to pop the tomato in the
burn unit with a dash of water and just
blended it for a few seconds and I'm
never gonna bite in tomatoes again so
that is all ready to portion up this is
really tasty and those potatoes are so
good like I like it when they're a bit
soft in the middle with crispy edges so
yeah really happily the meatballs were
like they're so tasty and really high
protein
and very impressed you talk to one two
thoughts I'd say yeah and so total
micros for that are 361 calorie Italian
grams of protein this is a really good
way that you can have for lunch as well
as dinner and it's super filling which
is my main priority at the moment to
stop me snacking is not just during the
day so the next I'm gonna make is a
chicken at stir fry I'm literally just
using what I've got in the fridge I
sadly do not have any onion I feel
really weird cooking without any in but
I'm just going to make do with walk on
this I'm just using these rice noodles
that I'm going to cook they've really
quick a green pepper cabbage type thing
and the other half of the butternut
squash and two chicken breasts village
she's gonna use like my seasonings as
well so I'm just starting with putting
my chopped red cabbage and what's in it
squash in a pan these take quite a few
minutes so make sure you've got a bit of
oil and then I just like to put a lid on
the top so I've just added my pepper all
the veggies and stuff in a pan and I'm
just gonna leave them to cook for a
while that with the lid on top and I put
a little bit oil in the bottom of the
pan yet careful not to burn them at this
point I've done that a few times in the
past so have them I can lean into low
heat I love this one because it's so
quick and easy just throw everything
into one pan and add all your seasonings
and make sure you've got some garlic in
there and then I just chopped up my
chicken into little chunks and pop that
in at once the bed was all cooked and
just make sure that it's all cooked
through and then I'm just using two
sasho things of the rice noodles adding
some boiling hot water and cooking that
for about eight to ten minutes this is
really quick and easy as well and then
draining that off and adding that to my
cooked stir-fry and then just giving
that a mix around this bit it's really
quick and easy you could also do it like
separately
and then I'm just portioning about and
you get like four really big bowls out
of the whole thing which is good then
I'm gonna pop some soy sauce on there so
total macros are few genetic calories
they're six grams of protein oh yeah
this is a really nice healthy and fresh
meal and I'm definitely going to do that
again with the tomato sauce
but it's just all about getting creative
with what you've got and then here is
the stir-fry which obviously like
chicken stir-fry
I love having soy sauce with this just
to mention so with your like leftovers
you gave out four portions worth out of
the stir-fry so you can just pop them in
the fridge or freezer but if you're
honest mean mates go through these it's
so quickly like this probably last of
the day we load but that brings us to
the end of this video I really hope you
enjoyed it and do let me know over on
the Instagram if you do try either of
these recipes I love seeing your
recreations I think at this times where
it's just about using what you've got in
the fridge or ever is a bit tricky at
the moment of like being able to get
certain stuff from the shops and stuff
but you know we move if you aren't ready
don't forget to Like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys in the next video